some questions do not have the universal answer one question I feel like
is very very personal is should I go into the military for a bit
and then go and finish my college work or should I finished my college
work and then go into the military pens depends on who you are and
what you want to do with your life and those two things you have to
consider very carefully if you are absolutely convinced you wanna
be military don't have military career in you're never going to be anything
other than in the military probably wrong for what they but
let's say you're convinced then you should probably try to get into
one of the academies are one of the ROTC programs because that's the
way to go on the other hand if you're not so sure maybe a little college
maybe not Megan list is before you go to college just take a shot
at what military life's gonna teach as for me let me just tell you
one example I should not have gone to college before when the notes
I should work to couple years gone the military for a couple years
and then gone back to college but I didn't do it so but I survived
and you'll survive if you make a mistake you just got to keep at it
and figure out where you're going everyday